{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"# Miscellaneous Sole Trader\n# User Centric Frontend Development Milestone Project\nI have chosen to use my own idea to build a website for Miscellaneous Sole Trader as milestone project. Because, I own this business which need a website to grow outside Amazon and eBay support. Having own website opens some more windows for business where business appears to be independent and confident.\n\nWith this project I would like to build a user-friendly website which can be clutter free and easy to understand look of the website. My plan is to keep basic interface which is familiar to user and place all the options within this interface.\n\n## Technologies\n\nHTML\nCSS\nBootstrap (4.3.1)\nFontawesome\nGoogle Fonts\nWireframe\nScreenToGif (2.18)\n\n## UX\nMy website is for online business which is already established online with help of Amazon and eBay. With this website I will try to bring all my customer over where they can find all the products they need with larger and more clearer images. Now-a-days, there are millions product in the market with similar name or identical look, which makes very harder for customer to find the product they need.\n\nKeeping this basic scenario in my mind I have decided to keep images larger compare to content. Also, having many buttons and links will confuse customer, that is why I have kept images as main selling point.\n\n### How would I find description of the product.\nUnder every product image there is product identifier or name, right next to it there is “i” icon. In Desktop mode customer can hover over to get description while for touch functionality devices customer simply tap on it to appear and tap within tooltip \n\n### How can I buy a product?\nClick on product image which you like to buy where it will provide you with pop up on which there is link to Amazon and eBay to complete buying process.\n\n### How can I visit Instagram page\nAll social media links are located right at the bottom of the page within footer section where you can find Instagram logo. Clicking on Instagram logo will take you to Instagram page.\n\n### Wireframe\nTo design this website, I have created a design using Wireframe technology which can be found on Github link as follows:\n\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/tree/master/MST_Wireframe\n\nor can be found on following link for web browser:\n\nhttps://wireframe.cc/pro/pp/e6e30fa53269726\n\n## Features\nMost of the website menu bar is embedded within nav bar on top of the website which can only be accessed by reaching on top of the website can be frustrating. To come over this issue I have kept menu bar floating on top left corner of the website which can be access from anywhere on website. For screen size over 1200-pixel menu background will be transparent for modern look. For smaller device there will be menu background matching header colour to avoid menu options getting lost within contain of the website particularly for Delivery and About Us pages.\n\nMoreover, menu options will be highlighted with different colour depends on which page customer surfing on. Such as, if customer is on About Us page, About Us option in menu will be in orange colour.\n\n### Demo for Menu\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Menu.gif\n\nTo have clutter free website, I have embedded every product in button. People are used to with clicking on images for more information, I have linked every button with a Modal functionality from Bootstrap to provide customer with a message for buying options. For information or description about every product I have created Tooltip linked with ‘i’ icon next to product name.\n\n### Demo for Product Page\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Product.gif\n\nPreviously, I had same functionality with hover over on buttons, which was not compatible with touchscreen functionality devices.  To come over this issue I have decided to add little ‘i’ icon for description which is compatible for all types of devices.\n\n### Demo for Touch Functionality devices\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/TouchFunctionality.gif\n\nI have activated all the links for marketplaces and social media. Links with marketplace will take customers to Amazon and eBay, where they can make payment and choose from more products. While with social media links will take customer to our social media pages for activities we carry out and can follow for future updates.\n\n### Demo for Marketplaces and Social Media links\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Footer.gif\n\n### Feature left to Implement\nI will be adding payment feature in future where customer can complete their order solely on website.\n\nContact Us form is in function but submitting form will refresh form rather than sending data. For full form functionality I need to gain knowledge.\n\n### Demo for Contact Us page\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/ContactUs.gif\n\nIn future there will home or landing page will be added too which will be linked to company logo.\n\n## Testing\nI have tested this project on number of devices (iPhone5, iPhoneX, HTC U12+, One Plus One, Pocophone, Samsung s20e, Samsung Tablet, iPad, Honor 7) as well as on desktop I have used majority of web browser (Google Chrome, Mozilla, Safari, IE10, Microsoft Edge, Opera, Vivaldi).\n\nSome of Android devices had issue with background image zooming in, which was sorted with media query.\n\nI preferred menu with transparent background for modern look, but that was not feasible for small devices where menu options were getting disappeared in content of website. To resolve this issue, I have created media query where any devices with under 1200 pixel will have background colour for menu options.\n\nAlso, floating menu icon was small round for minimal design, but it was barely visible on smaller devices which was pointed out by one of my friend while testing. To resolve this issue, I have decided to make menu icon bit bigger and brighter with well-known burger bar icon.\n\nFooter which is same for all pages have all the marketplace and social media links which are activated except Twitter which yet to be activated. All links are opening the relevant pages in new tab as required and will be highlighted as and when hover over in the desktop mode. For touch functionality device it requires tapping on.\n\nAbout US and Delivery pages are only containing information about company and services.\n\nContact Us page have required fields for customer to get in touch with company related to products or order(s). Within the form there are some mandatory fields which needs to be filled with required information before submitting or jumping on next field.\n\n### Demo for Contact Us page\nhttps://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/ContactUs.gif\n\n## Deployment\nI have deployed this project on GitHub through AWS Cloud9 using its command base terminal functionality, where it resides under MilestoneProjectMST repositories.\n\nAlso, I have deployed this project using GitHub desktop application. Where application have created a folder in which all files related project should be stored. Any changes made on the files stored within this folder will be picked by application, which needs to be commit and push to GitHub. This project resides under hidayatmansuri.github.io repository\n\nBoth of these methods stored data on same place under my account but one is command base application while another one is desktop application.\n\n### Command base\n To upload or moving data using this method requires command\n\n### Desktop Application\nWith this method few clicks will upload and move your data on required place or server\n\n## Credits\n\n### Content\nAll the content on this website including images are all taken by me and have full authorization from my suppliers to use them on website or on any other marketplace. Background image is created by me with company logo.\n\n### Icons\nMost of the icons are from Fontawesome website which are free to use as well as I have provided script where necessary.\n\n### Tooltip\nTooltip functionality idea was inspired from Sonar Systems youtube video which can be found from following link\n(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhkf5Dl0rug)\n\n### GIFs\nAll the GIFs for this project have been created using ScreenToGif software which is free to use.\nhttps://www.screentogif.com/\n\n### Wireframe\nWireframe created for this project was using 7 days trial period software\nhttps://wireframe.cc/pro/dashboard\n","undoManager":{"mark":27,"position":49,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":50,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["# \"Miscellaneous Sole Trader\"","# User Centric Frontend Development Milestone Project","I have chosen this project to build a website using my own idea, because I own a business which needs a website as well as I have content and access to all areas of business which required to build a website","","## Technologies","HTML","CSS","Bootstrap (4.3.1)","Fontawesome","Google Fonts","","## UX","In modern world competition is harsh and if you don't stay ahead with latest design and technique, there is very high chances for any business to get lost in grey clouds of poor vision. That is why I have decided to build a website with very clean and easy to understand design.","","My goal to have user-friendly website with easy to find option. That is why I have left burger bar icon positioned on left hand side with fix position, which can be access from any page or position. Moreover, I have kept Header and Footer with minimum information to have clutter free look on any size of device. I have kept all four pages separate due to nature of business where information need to be changed quite frequently, which could effect other areas or information too.","","## Features","All images on product page have been blended in buttons, which customers can click-on to buy as well as have used Tooltips functionality to provide description about each product.","","## Features Left to Implements","I will be adding more products on website in future with payment functionality as well as through contact page customer would be able to get in touch with me regarding any query they have. There will be option(s) of sorting products in ascending, descending and catagory wise. Price will be added nearer to going live.","","## Testing","To provide best customer buying experience, I have decided to keep same design for all devices without compromising design and look of the website.","","I have kept burger bar on fix location for all devices for minimal design which is replaced with Mizuni logo from Fontawesome. This bar will be available at any position and page to navigate between pages without scrolling up to get access to it.","","On small devices products will be shown in either two columns or in a single column depends on device size. As I have mentioned above all the products have been blended in button with little note on top of the page saying “Click on IMAGE to Buy”. On click, I have created a Modal with Information and guide for customer, where there are eBay and Amazon links activated and will guide customer to related marketplace for complete their purchase.","","I did used Tooltip for buttons, where on desktop website it would have provided information about product as and when customer hover over button. But unfortunately, it wasn’t identical for small and touch functionality devices.","","To come over that issue, I have provided with small “i” icon next to each product name. This icon will provide description for each product when hover-over in desktop mode, while with touch functionality devices customer can tap on \"i\" icon to have full description of the product and click within tooltip will disappear the Tooltip.","","Contact Us page have full form by which, customer can contact me with question or query they have related to product or order. Functionality on pressing Send button would not work as I have to gain knowledge to make that functionality working. Some Social Media link will have same issue where clicking on icon will open website in new tab. I have activated link for Facebook and Instagram, which will take customer on our related social media page.","","This website was tested on different devices and web browsers where there was no issue was found","","## Credits","","### Content","All the content on this website including images are all taken by me and have full authorization from my suppliers to use them on website or on any other marketplace. Background image is created by me with company logo.","","### Icons","Most of the icons are from Fontawesome website which are free to use as well as I have provided script where necessary.","","### Tooltip","Tooltip functionality idea was inspired from Sonar Systems youtube video which can be found from following link","(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhkf5Dl0rug)","","** This is for educational use. **",""],"id":2},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":79,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["# Miscellaneous Sole Trader","# User Centric Frontend Development Milestone Project","I have chosen to use my own idea to build a website for Miscellaneous Sole Trader as milestone project. Because, I own this business which need a website to grow outside Amazon and eBay support. Having own website opens some more windows for business where business appears to be independent and confident.","With this project I would like to build a user-friendly website which can be clutter free and easy to understand look of the website. My plan is to keep basic interface which is familiar to user and place all the options within this interface.","## Technologies","HTML","CSS","Bootstrap (4.3.1)","Fontawesome","Google Fonts","Wireframe","ScreenToGif (2.18)","","## UX","My website is for online business which is already established online with help of Amazon and eBay. With this website I will try to bring all my customer over where they can find all the products they need with larger and more clearer images. Now-a-days, there are millions product in the market with similar name or identical look, which makes very harder for customer to find the product they need.","Keeping this basic scenario in my mind I have decided to keep images larger compare to content. Also, having many buttons and links will confuse customer, that is why I have kept images as main selling point.","### How would I find description of the product.","Under every product image there is product identifier or name, right next to it there is “i” icon. In Desktop mode customer can hover over to get description while for touch functionality devices customer simply tap on it to appear and tap within tooltip ","### How can I buy a product?","Click on product image which you like to buy where it will provide you with pop up on which there is link to Amazon and eBay to complete buying process.","### How can I visit Instagram page","All social media links are located right at the bottom of the page within footer section where you can find Instagram logo. Clicking on Instagram logo will take you to Instagram page.","### Wireframe","To design this website, I have created a design using Wireframe technology which can be found on Github link as follows:","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/tree/master/MST_Wireframe","or can be found on following link for web browser:","https://wireframe.cc/pro/pp/e6e30fa53269726","## Features","Most of the website menu bar is embedded within nav bar on top of the website which can only be accessed by reaching on top of the website can be frustrating. To come over this issue I have kept menu bar floating on top left corner of the website which can be access from anywhere on website. For screen size over 1200-pixel menu background will be transparent for modern look. For smaller device there will be menu background matching header colour to avoid menu options getting lost within contain of the website particularly for Delivery and About Us pages.","Moreover, menu options will be highlighted with different colour depends on which page customer surfing on. Such as, if customer is on About Us page, About Us option in menu will be in orange colour.","### Demo for Menu","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Menu.gif","To have clutter free website, I have embedded every product in button. People are used to with clicking on images for more information, I have linked every button with a Modal functionality from Bootstrap to provide customer with a message for buying options. For information or description about every product I have created Tooltip linked with ‘i’ icon next to product name.","### Demo for Product Page","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Product.gif","Previously, I had same functionality with hover over on buttons, which was not compatible with touchscreen functionality devices.  To come over this issue I have decided to add little ‘i’ icon for description which is compatible for all types of devices.","### Demo for Touch Functionality devices","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/TouchFunctionality.gif","I have activated all the links for marketplaces and social media. Links with marketplace will take customers to Amazon and eBay, where they can make payment and choose from more products. While with social media links will take customer to our social media pages for activities we carry out and can follow for future updates.","### Demo for Marketplaces and Social Media links","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/Footer.gif","### Feature left to Implement","I will be adding payment feature in future where customer can complete their order solely on website.","Contact Us form is in function but submitting form will refresh form rather than sending data. For full form functionality I need to gain knowledge.","### Demo for Contact Us page","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/ContactUs.gif","In future there will home or landing page will be added too which will be linked to company logo.","## Testing","I have tested this project on number of devices (iPhone5, iPhoneX, HTC U12+, One Plus One, Pocophone, Samsung s20e, Samsung Tablet, iPad, Honor 7) as well as on desktop I have used majority of web browser (Google Chrome, Mozilla, Safari, IE10, Microsoft Edge, Opera, Vivaldi).","Some of Android devices had issue with background image zooming in, which was sorted with media query.","I preferred menu with transparent background for modern look, but that was not feasible for small devices where menu options were getting disappeared in content of website. To resolve this issue, I have created media query where any devices with under 1200 pixel will have background colour for menu options.","Also, floating menu icon was small round for minimal design, but it was barely visible on smaller devices which was pointed out by one of my friend while testing. To resolve this issue, I have decided to make menu icon bit bigger and brighter with well-known burger bar icon.","Footer which is same for all pages have all the marketplace and social media links which are activated except Twitter which yet to be activated. All links are opening the relevant pages in new tab as required and will be highlighted as and when hover over in the desktop mode. For touch functionality device it requires tapping on.","About US and Delivery pages are only containing information about company and services.","Contact Us page have required fields for customer to get in touch with company related to products or order(s). Within the form there are some mandatory fields which needs to be filled with required information before submitting or jumping on next field.","### Demo for Contact Us page","https://github.com/hidayatmansuri/hidayatmansuri.github.io/blob/master/images/ContactUs.gif","## Deployment","I have deployed this project on GitHub through AWS Cloud9 using its command base terminal functionality, where it resides under MilestoneProjectMST repositories.","Also, I have deployed this project using GitHub desktop application. Where application have created a folder in which all files related project should be stored. Any changes made on the files stored within this folder will be picked by application, which needs to be commit and push to GitHub. This project resides under hidayatmansuri.github.io repository","Both of these methods stored data on same place under my account but one is command base application while another one is desktop application.","### Command base"," To upload or moving data using this method requires command","### Desktop Application","With this method few clicks will upload and move your data on required place or server","## Credits","### Content","All the content on this website including images are all taken by me and have full authorization from my suppliers to use them on website or on any other marketplace. Background image is created by me with company logo.","### Icons","Most of the icons are from Fontawesome website which are free to use as well as I have provided script where necessary.","### Tooltip","Tooltip functionality idea was inspired from Sonar Systems youtube video which can be found from following link","(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhkf5Dl0rug)","### GIFs","All the GIFs for this project have been created using ScreenToGif software which is free to use.","https://www.screentogif.com/","### Wireframe","Wireframe created for this project was using 7 days trial period software","https://wireframe.cc/pro/dashboard",""]}],[{"start":{"row":4,"column":0},"end":{"row":5,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":17,"column":0},"end":{"row":18,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":4}],[{"start":{"row":20,"column":0},"end":{"row":21,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":5}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":0},"end":{"row":24,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":6}],[{"start":{"row":26,"column":0},"end":{"row":27,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":7}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":33,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":8}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":37,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":40,"column":0},"end":{"row":41,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":10}],[{"start":{"row":44,"column":0},"end":{"row":45,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":11}],[{"start":{"row":49,"column":0},"end":{"row":50,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":12}],[{"start":{"row":49,"column":0},"end":{"row":50,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":13}],[{"start":{"row":48,"column":0},"end":{"row":49,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":14}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":0},"end":{"row":52,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":15}],[{"start":{"row":55,"column":0},"end":{"row":56,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":16}],[{"start":{"row":59,"column":0},"end":{"row":60,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":17}],[{"start":{"row":68,"column":0},"end":{"row":69,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":18}],[{"start":{"row":71,"column":0},"end":{"row":72,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":19}],[{"start":{"row":76,"column":0},"end":{"row":77,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":20}],[{"start":{"row":79,"column":0},"end":{"row":80,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":21}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":0},"end":{"row":83,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":22}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":0},"end":{"row":85,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":23}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":0},"end":{"row":88,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":24}],[{"start":{"row":90,"column":0},"end":{"row":91,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":25}],[{"start":{"row":93,"column":0},"end":{"row":94,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":26}],[{"start":{"row":93,"column":0},"end":{"row":94,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":27}],[{"start":{"row":94,"column":0},"end":{"row":95,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":28}],[{"start":{"row":98,"column":0},"end":{"row":99,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":29}],[{"start":{"row":6,"column":0},"end":{"row":6,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":30}],[{"start":{"row":6,"column":0},"end":{"row":6,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":31}],[{"start":{"row":6,"column":0},"end":{"row":7,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":32}],[{"start":{"row":3,"column":0},"end":{"row":4,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":33}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":0},"end":{"row":19,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":34}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":33,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":35}],[{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":35,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":36}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":37,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":37}],[{"start":{"row":41,"column":0},"end":{"row":42,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":38}],[{"start":{"row":46,"column":0},"end":{"row":47,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":39}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":0},"end":{"row":52,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":40}],[{"start":{"row":56,"column":0},"end":{"row":57,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":41}],[{"start":{"row":64,"column":0},"end":{"row":65,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":42}],[{"start":{"row":69,"column":0},"end":{"row":70,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":43}],[{"start":{"row":74,"column":0},"end":{"row":75,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":44}],[{"start":{"row":76,"column":0},"end":{"row":77,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":45}],[{"start":{"row":78,"column":0},"end":{"row":79,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":46}],[{"start":{"row":80,"column":0},"end":{"row":81,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":47}],[{"start":{"row":82,"column":0},"end":{"row":83,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":48}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":0},"end":{"row":85,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":49}],[{"start":{"row":92,"column":0},"end":{"row":93,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":50}],[{"start":{"row":94,"column":0},"end":{"row":95,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":51}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":1430,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":107,"column":0},"end":{"row":107,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":101,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1567184538308}